Zuo Jinxiu, your wings are really hard, right?
Mommy, beautiful mommy, I was wrong.
I'll tell you secretly.
I'm on a big deal
So what's up?
I'll tell you later.
Mommy, why do you look so tired?
Just had surgery
Mom, hurry up and rest.
I have a big surprise for you after a while
Um, bye, mommy.
Great grandfather
This little sapling looks so fragile
Can we feed them?
This one.
It was planted by great-grandfather and grandson together
He is like this little sapling
Fragile and fragile
But he is the baby that our family takes care of.
Is Sun Sun the child of Dad's cousin?
The son of an aunt and his wife
Wife dad has wife
And other sons
little guy
Do you really want your aunt to be your father?
Then mom agrees
Answer one
Send me information on my father's wife and son
He is still a month older than me
Dad is scum
No, he's not Dad.
He is scum
Mommy must have been tricked into giving birth to me by him
I didn't know scum already had a wife
Grandpa
The people under me have never found Jing Rui
I'm very anxious
I want you to give Aye a call
Ask if there is any news about Jing Rui.
But he wouldn't answer a single phone call
Oops, this kid has gone too far.
Grandpa
Recently, Brother Tang has been splurging
There are small companies on the verge of bankruptcy
He doesn't care at all
The development of temporary assistance
In the interim, it's all A Ye's decision
Over the years
The makeshift test strip doubled in his hand
He must have had his own reasons for doing this
Don't worry about it.
But the shareholders' meeting had a problem with him
Because he buys these small companies that are on the verge of bankruptcy
The group lost 100 million in half a month
Maybe Xiaoyue's disappearance made Auntie confused
So I made the wrong decision
Xiao Rui, this child doesn't know if he is too sensible.
Never cause trouble to others
It's just that I don't care what happens to the children
He refuses to get close to me
It's like being born without emotion.
The two masters are more worry-free than the other
Grandpa, come back and I'll talk about him
Let him focus on his work
Xiao Rui, this kid
You need a lot of discipline